[Minor] Add type alias (#106)
chipsalliance/firrtl-spec: spec.md

`RWProbe<const T>`{.firrtl}, as constant values should never be mutated at
runtime.

## Type Alias

A type alias is a mechanism to assign names to existing FIRRTL types. Type aliases
enables their reuse across multiple declarations.

> 

Reviewer: stray '

```firrtl
type WordType = UInt<32>
type ValidType = UInt<1>
type Data = {w: WordType, valid: ValidType, flip ready: UInt<1>}
type AnotherWordType = UInt<32>

module TypeAliasMod:
  input in: Data
  output out: Data
  wire w: AnotherWordType
  w <= in.w
  ...
```

The `type` declaration is globally defined and all named types exist in the same
namespace and thus must all have a unique name. Type aliases do not share the same
namespace as modules; hence it is allowed for type aliases to conflict with module
names. Note that when we compare two types, the equivalence is determined solely by
their structures. For instance types of `w`{.firrtl} and `in.w`{.wirrtl} are

> equivalent even though they are different type alias.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
equivalent in the example above even though they are different type alias.
```

`RWProbe<const T>`{.firrtl}, as constant values should never be mutated at
runtime.

## Type Alias

A type alias provides a way to assign names to existing FIRRTL types, enabling
their reuse across multiple declarations and potentially serving as hints in

> verilog code generation.

Reviewer 2: Nits: use stronger, direct language here. "A type alias is", "Type aliases enable", etc.

The "potentially serving as hints may be confusing. (Is this mandatory, is this optional, etc.?) You may want to leave this out and adds this to the ABI doc when that lands.

```firrtl
type WordType = UInt<32>
type ValidType = UInt<1>
type Data = {w: WordType, valid: ValidType, flip ready: UInt<1>}
type AnotherWordType = UInt<32>

module TypeAliasMod:
  input in: Data
  output out: Data
  wire w: AnotherWordType
  w <= in.w
  ...
```

The `type` declaration is globally defined and all named types exist in the same

> namespace and thus must all have a unique name. Type alias doesn't share the same
> type scope as modules; hence it is allowed for type aliaes to conflict with module

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
namespace and thus must all have a unique name. Type alias do not share the same
type scope as modules; hence it is allowed for type aliaes to conflict with module
```

> type scope as modules; hence it is allowed for type aliaes to conflict with module

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
namespace as modules; hence it is allowed for type aliases to conflict with module
```

names. In the output verilog the given names may not be preserved by the FIRRTL
compiler, as names must be unique in the output relative to target-dependent scoping

> rules which may require changing names or dropping. Note that type aliases do not

Reviewer 2: Nit:
```suggestion
rules which may require changing or dropping names. Note that type aliases do not
```

> rules which may require changing names or dropping. Note that type aliases do not

Reviewer 3: can we move the information about how this is lowered to the ABI spec...? 

I think it's pretty important to know whether the types are lowered to verilog or not, because if they aren't lowered I can call them "foobizzle_1" and "TypeAlias_123". Also stability is concerning.

Author: Removed information about output verilog. I'll mention in ABI spec once ABI spec was merged.

introduce nominal types unlike bundle field names; the type equivalence is determined
solely by their structure. For instance types of `w`{.firrtl} and `in.w`{.wirrtl} are

> equivalent even though they are different type alias.

Reviewer 2: The PR could avoid talking about "nominal types" and just say that the types are compared structurally.  This can then refer to the type equivalence section for more information.

type_aggregate = "{" , field , { field } , "}"
               | type , "[" , int_any , "]" ;
type_ref = ( "Probe" | "RWProbe" ) , "<", type , ">" ;
type_alias = id ;
field = [ "flip" ] , id , ":" , type ;
type = ( [ "const" ] , ( type_ground | type_aggregate | type_alias ) )

>      | type_ref | type_alias ;

Reviewer: This second type alias seems wrong.

(* Type alias declaration *)

> type_alias_decl = "type", id, "=", type ;

Reviewer: Why use id here but not "type_alias" which is just id above (or alternately why have type_alias at all)?

> type_alias_decl = "type", id, "=", type ;

Reviewer: Is this legal?
```
type a = UInt<3>
type b = a
```

Author: Yes, this is legal.

field = [ "flip" ] , id , ":" , type ;
type = ( [ "const" ] , ( type_ground | type_aggregate ) ) | type_ref ;

(* Type alias declaration *)

> type_alias_decl = "type", id, "=", type ;

Reviewer 2: This should probably be included int he EBNF for `type` as well. This forces questions like can you have a `const` in a typedef, can you apply a `const` onto a named type? Etc.

Author: Yeah, that's good point.  I updated EBNF to allow typealias to be quantified by const.
